com/example/myapptwo/databinding/NavHeaderPrimaryBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.NavHeaderPrimaryBinding
com/example/myapptwo/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/myapptwo/DBfilms.java
 com.example.myapptwo.DBfilms
com/example/myapptwo/MyDialogFragmentG.java
 com.example.myapptwo.MyDialogFragmentG
 com.example.myapptwo.MyDialogFragmentG$1
com/example/myapptwo/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/myapptwo/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.HomeFragment$NewThread
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/myapptwo/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
com/example/myapptwo/ui/home/fragment/BlankFragment.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.fragment.BlankFragment
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.fragment.BlankFragment$ForFilm
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.fragment.BlankFragment$NewThread
com/example/myapptwo/DBusers.java
 com.example.myapptwo.DBusers
com/example/myapptwo/mBitmap.java
 com.example.myapptwo.mBitmap
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/ActivityPrimaryBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.ActivityPrimaryBinding
com/example/myapptwo/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/myapptwo/Film.java
 com.example.myapptwo.Film
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/FragmentBlankBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.FragmentBlankBinding
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/myapptwo/ui/aboutFilm.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.aboutFilm
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/AppBarPrimaryBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.AppBarPrimaryBinding
com/example/myapptwo/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapptwo.BuildConfig
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/CustomViewBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.CustomViewBinding
com/example/myapptwo/databinding/ContentPrimaryBinding.java
 com.example.myapptwo.databinding.ContentPrimaryBinding
com/example/myapptwo/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.myapptwo.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/myapptwo/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapptwo.MainActivity
com/example/myapptwo/MyDialogFragment.java
 com.example.myapptwo.MyDialogFragment
 com.example.myapptwo.MyDialogFragment$1
com/example/myapptwo/PrimaryActivity.java
 com.example.myapptwo.PrimaryActivity
com/example/myapptwo/AdapterRecycle.java
 com.example.myapptwo.AdapterRecycle
 com.example.myapptwo.AdapterRecycle$1
 com.example.myapptwo.AdapterRecycle$2
 com.example.myapptwo.AdapterRecycle$ViewHolder
